Layout Animations - docs (#2062)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: docs/docs/api/LayoutAnimations/EntryAnimations.md

---
id: entryAnimations
title: Entering Animations
sidebar_label: Entering Animations
---

> 

Reviewer: We should have a paragraph or two here explaining what is this about and what are these animations for

## How to use predefined entering animation?

### 1. Import chosen animation
```js

>     import { Animation } from 'react-native-reanimated';

Reviewer: This is not a workable code because there is no such thing as Animation in the exported vars from reanimated lib. If we put a code samples it is better that they can actually work or at least we make it clear that this isn't an existing variable and should be replaced with the name of the animation you want to use. I think in this case it'd be better to just say that "for example if we want to use EaseIn animation then..."

```
### 2. Choose Animated Component which entering you want to animate
```js

>     <AnimatedComponent entering={Animation} >

Reviewer: What is AnimatedComponent ? I think the case here is the same as above, we should say that you can use Animated.View as an example

```
### 3. Customize the animation

>     If you don't know what modifiers the animation provides then find your animation down below.

Reviewer: "Different type of entering animations can be customized differently. For the complete list of option please refer to the paragraph specific to theparticulr animation type"??

```js
    <AnimatedComponent entering={Animation.duration(3000).otherModifier()} >
```
### 4. Make sure that your animated component is under an AnimatedLayout. If it's not then add AnimatedLayout somewhere above the component.
```js

>     <AnimatedLayout> // +

Reviewer: Same here – this code does not work

        <View> sth </View>
        <View> 
            <AnimatedComponent entering={Animation}>
        </View>
    </AnimatedLayout> // +
```

## Predefined Animations 

> If you cannot find an animation that suits you then please create your custom animation. If you think that the animation should be here, please open an issue or create a pull request. 

Reviewer: This paragraph is titled "predefined animations" but actually talks about "custom animations"

Reviewer: Also "please create your custom animation" sounds very weird. I'd write "you can create a custom one"

### Fade

> 

Reviewer: Add a paragraph or two explaining what is in this section

---
id: entryAnimations
title: Entering Animations
sidebar_label: Entering Animations
---

## How to use predefined entering animation?

### 1. Import chosen animation
```js
    import { Animation } from 'react-native-reanimated';
```
### 2. Choose Animated Component which entering you want to animate
```js
    <AnimatedComponent entering={Animation} >
```
### 3. Customize the animation
    If you don't know what modificators the animation provides then find your animation down below.
```js
    <AnimatedComponent entering={Animation.duration(3000).otherModificator()} >
```
### 4. Make sure that your animated component is under an AnimatedLayout. If it's not then add AnimatedLayout somewhere above the component.
```js
    <AnimatedLayout> // +
        <View> sth </View>
        <View> 
            <AnimatedComponent entering={Animation}>
        </View>
    </AnimatedLayout> // +
```

## Predefined Animations 

> If you cannot find animation that suit you then, please create your custom animation. If you think that the animation should be 
> here then, plase open an issue or even better pull-request. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you cannot find an animation that suits you then please create your custom animation. If you think that the animation should be here, please open an issue or create a pull request. 
```

---
id: entryAnimations
title: Entering Animations
sidebar_label: Entering Animations
---
In React Native every component appears instantly whenever you add it to the component hierarchy. It's not something we are used to in the real world. Layout Animations are here to address the problem and help you animate an appearance of any view.

> We provide an easy API that allows you to code almost any animation you want. Because some of the animations are more frequently used than the others we coded them for you and provided them affordably. Below you can find an instruction step by step explaining how to use them. A little further down you will find a detailed description of all the predefined entering animations.

Reviewer: comma before "we coded"

Reviewer: "affordable"? This sounds a bit weird – most often it has to do with price and we don't charge anything for this API unless I missed something 🤣

---
id: entryAnimations
title: Entering Animations
sidebar_label: Entering Animations
---

## How to use predefined entering animation?

### 1. Import chosen animation
```js
    import { Animation } from 'react-native-reanimated';
```
### 2. Choose Animated Component which entering you want to animate
```js

>     <AnimatedComponent entering={animation} >

Reviewer 3: I think it should be `Animation` instead of `animation` because confuses a bit :)

Author: Nice catch! Thanks
